Platform | Start Here | Patreon Skip navigation Patreon logo Log in Patreon logo Log in Create on Patreon Patreon Platform View API Docs Clients & API Keys Our team is focused on developing our core product at this time. Endpoints will continue to function as normal. Great community resources are available in the forum . Applications My Clients My Webhooks Submitting an Integration Start Here What is the Patreon Platform? Quick Start Client Libraries OAuth Explained How To Export Pledge Data Build a Custom Integration Build a Product For Creators Build Addons for our WordPress Plugin Need Help? Candid Questions Contact Us OAuth Explained Simply put, OAuth allows both creators and members to connect their Patreon accounts to third-party services. If you are not familiar with OAuth, Stormpath has a great article explaining what OAuth is. "Connect with Patreon", "Login with Patreon", "Sign in/up with Patreon" While using the Patreon API to have your users sign up with or log into your site/app with Patreon or creating users in your local app via programmatical means, make sure that you take into account the user's email verification status: If the Patreon user has the Patreon email verified and there doesn't already exist a local account with the same email at your site/app, you can create a local user with the Patreon email and log the user into that new account. This implements signing up via Patreon in a safe way. If the Patreon user has the Patreon email verified and there exists a local account with the same email and the local user has the local email verified, you can connect the local account with the user's Patreon account and log the user into the local account in a safe way. If the Patreon user has the Patreon email verified and there exists a local account with the same email but that local account's email is not verified, require the user to log into that local account before linking the Patreon account to the local account. If the Patreon user does not have the Patreon email verified, avoid allowing the user to log in, to register or to link that Patreon account with any local account, and show a notification to the user telling that the Patreon email must be verified at Patreon in order to be able to sign into your site/app via Patreon. Implementing OAuth Ok, now that we’ve got that out of the way, let’s talk about implementation. Our docs provide a thorough walk through on implementing OAuth . Whether you’re implementing a tool for a single creator and their members or a tool that can be used by every creator on Patreon, the OAuth implementation is virtually the same. The primary difference is in how you manage the data on your server. If you’re creating a tool for a single creator, the implementation on your end is slightly more simple. Just register a client for the intended user and whenever a member logs in, check their pledges to ensure they are currently pledged to the creator before allowing access to the content or features. If you are creating a tool for multiple creators and their members, i.e. for listing in the app directory , the implementation is essentially the same, but with an additional layer of storing creator and member relationships. There is no single way of implementing these relationships, but what they have in common is a data model that links creators to members using pledges.